fix: dev with and without service worker (#86)
OpenUpSA/muni-portal-frontend: README.md

    yarn run import-webflow zipfile.zip

## Development environment

1. Install dependencies by running `yarn`

> 2. Start a development server by running `yarn dev`
> 
> The above does not include the service worker so, if you are working on a piece of functionality that requires the service worker, the workflow is a bit different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Start a development server by running `yarn dev`

### Service Worker in development environment

The above does not include the service worker so, if you are working on a piece of functionality that requires the service worker, the workflow is a bit different.
```

> 2. Start a development server by running `yarn dev`
> 
> The above does not include the service worker so, if you are working on a piece of functionality that requires the service worker, the workflow is a bit different.
> 
> With the dependencies installed, ensure that you have a `.env` file in the root of your project with the following entry:
> 
> ```
> NODE_ENV="production"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Start a development server by running `yarn dev`

### Service Worker in development environment

The above does not include the service worker so, if you are working on a piece of functionality that requires the service worker, the workflow is a bit different.

With the dependencies installed, ensure that you have a `.env` file in the root of your project with the following entry:

```
NODE_ENV="production"
```
```

Now run the following:

```
yarn start

> ```

Reviewer: `parcel build` sets NODE_ENV=production for you, so all you need for service worker is `yarn start`

https://parceljs.org/cli.html#build

Author: Great stuff, one less thing to remember.
